feat: Update closed contribution documentation with new branch (#330)
nginx/documentation: CLOSED_CONTRIBUTIONS.md

After any iterative work, close the pull request. Since the closed repository is a mirror of the open one, we do not merge changes to it.

> Change back to the origin `main` branch, create a new branch, merge your internal branch and push to origin.

Reviewer: This line confused me until I realized it's an overview of the commands which follow. So maybe:

```suggestion
With the following commands, check out the `main` branch, create a new branch, merge your internal branch, and push the changes to origin.
```

Author: I'm confused what the value add your edit suggestion is: the sentence is an imperative instruction telling you exactly what to do, then showing you how to do it. 

In context, the instruction is juxtaposed with the exact commands to follow in the code block immediately afterwards, and there is only one thing you could possibly be pushing, so all this seems to do is add unnecessary words.

Reviewer: The alternative is to be more precise with the commands, something like:

```
git checkout main
git checkout -b desired-branch-name
git merge internal/other-branch-name
git push origin main
```

In any case, based on @eepifanova 's suggestion in https://f5.slack.com/archives/C063UAE83SA/p1743189683464669, this might all become moot.
